[MUSIC]
You made it through the first week.
You learned about why data and
analytics is important, and
spent some time learning about
the data and analytics framework.
You also had the opportunity to spend
some time this week hearing from our PWC
professionals, and they talked about
the skills needed to perform data and
analytic tasks to solve problems.
>> You've now read and
discussed the white paper on careers and
roles in data analytics and data science
in the professional services industry.
I know Amity would agree
that building data IQ and
related skills is quickly becoming
a requirement for a career in business.
>> Absolutely, Mike.
And by taking this course all of you are
building the foundation of knowledge that
will be highly beneficial for
your careers going forward.
[MUSIC]